hello again Jason from screaming energy
com which I might as well begin calling
monster rehab reviews calm at the rate
they're releasing these things and every
time I go in the store there's another
one on the shelf it's like magazines
featuring the Kardashians at least in my
opinion monster rehab didn't get famous
by being a whore on camera so sex tape
can get leaked or married to decide if a
potential mate was the one which it
would be ultimately concluded 72 days
later to be not the one blood magazines
don't bother covering trivial things
like half a million people dying every
year from malaria or that there are more
human slaves alive right now than at any
other time in history many of them in
the sex industry an alarming percentage
of those in the sex industry being
children not covering irrelevant topics
like these allow me to hear speculation
on whether Kim Kardashian's butt has
been surgically enhanced in this
installment we're talking about rehab
green tea plus energy if nothing else
this product is superior to rehab
protein because I don't get the protein
Lugi rehab green tea and protein contain
goji berry which I believe contributes
to their mutual unpleasant earthy flavor
but it's otherwise lightly fruity the
best description i can offer from the
flavor is watered down pineapple juice
mix with hippies xed surprisingly i
don't particularly like the taste I do
find rehab green tea appreciably light
and immensely refreshing the aftertaste
is unfortunately another drawback it's
lingering and for those old enough to
remember postal mail it tastes something
akin to the glue from stamps and
envelopes as I say with almost every
monster I find it amply energizing since
it's easy to drink I get all the energy
stuffs into my system fairly quickly not
like mixed which I have to try to choke
down over the course of an hour
or the better part of the day most
people should find this drink acceptable
enjoyable especially when you can get
them to for three dollars like I did
with this batch with screaming energy
would like to thank our advertising
dynapac time released supercharged
energy micro shop